Add notebook example of asymmetric calculations. (#482)
PowerGridModel/power-grid-model: docs/index.md

`power-grid-model` is a library for steady-state distribution power system analysis distributed for Python and C.
The core of the library is written in C++.

> Currently, it supports both symmetric and asymmetric cases for the following calculations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, it supports both symmetric and asymmetric calculations for the following calculation types:
```

Reviewer 2: @mgovers please push the changes directly.

examples/Short Circuit Example.ipynb
examples/Validation Examples.ipynb
examples/Make Test Dataset.ipynb

> examples/Asymmetric Calculation Example.ipynb

Reviewer: To the home page, please also add this (one of the subtasks in #447 ):

Add to the first lines of the PGM Docs (cfr. image below) that both symmetric and asymmetric calculations are supported
![294491447-d70338dc-e5d0-48e0-b135-df4f6a26f0f4](https://github.com/PowerGridModel/power-grid-model/assets/15234327/17b32de6-dd00-465d-9386-d11f86ec7f4e)
